Add note about non-json content-types to README.md, see #122 #123 (#124)
ePages-de/restdocs-api-spec: README.md

We plan to add support for:
- [RAML](https://raml.org)

> Note that this extension was developed for json-based apis. Don't expect this extension to build usable api specification for non-json response or requests bodies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this extension was developed for JSON-based APIs.
We do not expect this extension to build usable API specification for non-JSON request or response bodies.
```

Some tone, capitalization suggestion. Also avoiding the short form
